Optimize (CQA) - Mng content - Optimizing (#4873)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_changing-the-mirroring-policy-for-a-repository-by-using-web-ui.adoc

= Changing the mirroring policy for a repository by using {ProjectWebUI}

[role="_abstract"]

> Change the mirroring policy for an existing repository to control whether sync adds content only, mirrors repodata, or removes content deleted upstream.

Reviewer: same as above.

Author: ```suggestion
Update the mirroring policy for an existing repository to control whether synchronization adds content only, mirrors repodata, or removes content deleted upstream.
```
